website: fix typo in privacy policy (#842)
public-transport/transitous: website/content/privacy.md

# Scope

> This privacy policy affects the web interface and API hosted on routing.transitous.de and transitous.org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This privacy policy affects the web interfaces and APIs hosted on routing.spline.de and api.transitous.org.
```
